One cannot have the concept of a red object without having the concept of an extended object. 
But the word "red" doesn't contain the word "extended." In general, our concepts are interconnected 
in ways in which the corresponding words are not interconnected. This is not an accidental fact about 
the English language or about any other language: it is inherent in what a language is that the 
cognitive abilities corresponding to a person's abilities to use words cannot possibly be reflected in 
semantic relations holding among those words. This fact in its turn is a consequence of the fact that 
expressions are, whereas concepts are not, digital structures, for which reason the ways in which cognitive 
abilities interact cannot possibly bear any significant resemblance to the ways in which expressions interact. 
Consequently, there is no truth to the contention that our thought-processes are identical with, 
or bear any resemblance to, the digital computations that mediate computer-activity."

"Sense-perceptions do not have to be deciphered if their contents are to be uploaded, 
the reason being that they are presentations, not representations. Linguistic expressions 
do have to be deciphered if their contents are to be uploaded, the reason being that they are 
representations, not presentations. It is viciously regressive to suppose that information-bearing 
mental entities are categorically in the nature of representations, as opposed to presentations, 
and it is therefore incoherent to suppose that thought is mediated by expressions or, 
therefore, by linguistic entities. Attempts to neutralize this criticism inevitably overextend the 
concept of what it is to be a linguistic symbol, the result being that such attempts eviscerate the 
very position that it is their purpose to defend. Also, it is inherent in the nature of such attempts 
that they assume the truth of the view that for a given mental entity to bear this as opposed to that 
information is for that entity to have this as opposed to that causal role. This view is demonstrably false, 
dooming to failure the just-mentioned attempts to defend the contention that thought is in all cases mediated 
by linguistic symbols.